+++
title = "ap csa rant"
date = 2020-01-24
+++
Chapter 3 is kind of stupid overall. I've seen this entire book compiled into 5 minute videos, and they're spending an entire chapter, talking about classes. For god's  sake they made a whole section on making private variables. To make it all better, none of this is actual explanations, instead it's all just examples of things like bank software, that make it impossible to write a good note on. I'm not being taught using traditional methods, but I'm being graded in a traditional system. 3.5 is entirely about following a program as it goes through its process, which is so fundamental in computer science I have no clue what to say about it. If you don't know what your program is thinking you probably don't know what you're doing. Sometimes when stuff goes wrong it's not even because you did something wrong, it's because Java acts weird sometimes. Nothing is error free , and java is far from such. This whole thing with notecards is kind if nonsensical as well. Why are you sitting around writing stuff on paper, when you can just print every time you edit the variable. I really enjoy programming and computer science in general, but sometimes this book says some weird stuff. It kind of feels like it's someone who had programming  explained to them trying to write a book about it. Boilerplate code in a 300 line program is generally lame. As cool as object oriented programming is, functional programming is more better. It's been around for god knows long, and with good reason. Computer science classes in theory can be some of the funnest imaginable, but when you take 1000 words of notes, no one is going to like you. When you make some take 4 pages of notes, on something they've countless numbers of times, you make them unhappy with the general state of the number magnet school in Cobb county. My time would be much better spent contributing to some crappy open source project that no is ever going to use. Trust me, I'm the first one to admit hope little me coding and programming has done for this world, yet with many people I've talked to that have dropped computer science as a possible career because of these shitty classes, is astounding. I work with people who have switched majors because of this exact class. I've talked to people who are their masters in computer related fields, who agree with me that these classes do nothing but waste time and make people want to quit.  The spreading of knowledge on computer science is vital to the continuation of our technological era, and if the schools don't do it, of course it'll happen elsewhere. People will learn how to do this stuff. But if I sit through 88 minutes of this absolute bullshit. I'm going to quit this and get some shitty google certification. You know they offer those for like 50 dollars, and they'll hire you whenever you finish. It's pretty hard for me to be convinced that I need to get a 4 year degree at some random ass college just to have it on my resume. Thousands of dollars just to say i wasted my life doing this. If i was being taught how to make code more memory efficient, or spot memory leaks, or do anything that's actually functional and not brain numbingly simple. That sorting system is insanely accurate for this class's teachings. Everything is either “this is a primitive type” or “this is how you write on notecards.” on one of my assignments earlier this week, i realized i overthought the question a crapload. I wrote a whole ass function to make my code more efficient, when in reality she wanted me to write 8 lines translate a fucking rectangle. I am knowingly walking into the fiery pits of hell by submitting to this shitty system and allowing myself to be stepped on by people who don't know what u64 means.
